News overnight
—Steelers’ linebacker Jason Worilds
is walking away from the NFL
in the prime of his NFL career.
Worilds is or has been with the Steelers
for five seasons and started in all 16 games.
He’s just walking away
from tens of millions of dollars.
What is he going to do
for the rest of his life?
No clue, but it better be worth it.
My name is Jason Worilds,
and I’m one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
My mom is a beautiful woman.
It was in her early 20’s
that she was introduced to the Witnesses,
and she started a study,
and six months later
she was baptized.
So my mom put the truth before us growing up,
but I didn’t see the true value
of what it was that I had.
I didn’t know how true the truth was.
It’s vital that you set spiritual goals.
If you don’t, the reality is
that someone is going to set a goal for you,
and I think that’s what was true in my case.
I started playing American football
my freshman year of high school.
One of my coaches sat me down and said,
“You can potentially go to college
on a full scholarship.”
I did everything to succeed at football,
and so the dedication—it escalates.
I studied the Bible for several years,
but by the time
that I started to make progress in my study,
I was being courted by the NFL.
I was whole-souled to football.
And so I pursued
my professional career.
When I was drafted, it was what I
had been working toward for so many years.
That first year, it was chaotic,
but then in my second year,
I got to a point in my life
where everything was unstable.
I felt that the things
that I was pursuing were fruitless.
I just felt hollow inside, right?
I felt like if you shook me, I would rattle.
I saw those who had more money,
more success,
and they weren’t happy.
That was one of the motivating factors
for me to say: ‘You know what?
‘There has to be something more.
‘There has to be,
because I’m at the precipice
‘of what I’ve always wanted,
‘and the only thing that I can see
is more angst,
more headache, more strife.’
There was nothing there
that was going to bring lasting happiness,
and I think that is what motivated me
to want to see what’s in this Bible.
And so I reached out, and I picked up a study
with a local brother there in Pittsburgh.
For a time, I felt like:
‘Man, I can do both of these.
I’ve got my craft here, and I’m enjoying it,
and then I have Jehovah.’
As a defender in football,
there are certain things that you dream of.
During one game,
I had one of those opportunities,
but I didn’t put everything into it
the way that I always dreamed
of myself doing.
I let up.
The person that I was on the inside
was changing.
That night
I sat thinking:
‘You’re not in the environment
that’s conducive to you
‘continuing to grow as a spiritual person.
You might need to make some changes.’
And that night is when I realized:
‘Hey, you know what?
‘Yeah, I don’t need this.
Why are you here?
What are you doing?’
The reality is that I loved playing football.
I enjoyed it,
but it didn’t bring true happiness.
I retired at a time when I was going
to take the next step with my career.
And so the offers that were on the table were
tens of millions of dollars,
and that wasn’t what I wanted to do.
So once I let them know that,
then the offers increased.
But that wasn’t what I wanted.
I wanted to make the truth my own
and get into the full-time ministry.
I was baptized September 13, 2015.
That day was so special
because Jehovah completely welcomed me
into his spiritual family.
I’ve become a better friend.
I’ve become a better brother.
I’ve become a better son.
There are nothing but wins
when you serve Jehovah.
The joy, the happiness,
that I receive now
and why I just rejoice
to be out in the ministry
is because you have an opportunity
to actually affect change in someone’s life
and make them a better person
and give them purpose
and have them have
this same warm relationship with Jehovah
that you have.
It’s unparalleled.
That’s the fact.
The more that we center
our lives around Jehovah,
the happier we will be.
That’s where my happiness comes from.
As Brother Worilds said,
the more we center our life on Jehovah,
the happier we will be.
To many, it seemed he gave up so much
—fame, wealth, and professional recognition.
But in reality,
he discovered what was truly valuable:
the good news of truth.
No wonder he was determined
to make it his life’s work.
We are happy that Jason has been serving
as a member
of the United States Bethel family
since 2017.